h1. Introduction

This plugin includes:
* Creation of forum message using email. Subject must respect the format [<Project title> - <Board name>]<Subject>. For exemple: [Test project - Help]A new message in Help board...
* Manager can define *per project* the role used for special accounts anonymous and "not member". This way, you can have a public project with anonymous access not allowed or assign different permissions to "not member" depending of the project...
* Manager can manage members easier when there are sub-projects. A new tab in project(s configuration allows to select a member and manage the membership of this person in all the projects managed by current user. For example, you can select a member, add it to 3 others projects or change its roles in all your projects/subprojects...


h1. Setup

h3. 1. Install plugin

Install redmine_meetings from your vendor/plugins directory with:
* git clone git://github.com/amartel/redmine_bioproj.git

h3. 2. Upgrade database

* rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production

h3. 2. Restart your web server


h3. 3. Configure REDMINE with your web browser

If everything is OK, you should see BIOPROJ plugin in the plugin list (Administration -> Plugins)

New permission is now available (in BIOPROJ section):
* :bioproj_members allows manager to manage members and configure roles for anonymous & "not member"


When the plugin is activated in a project, you should see a new tab "meetings" in the project.

To be able to assign role for anonymous & "not member", you need to be a project manager with, at least, the following permissions:
* :bioproj_members
* :select_project_modules

To be able to manage members with this plugin, you need to be a project manager with, at least, the following permissions:
* :bioproj_members
* :manage_members

You will have also to change line 12 of @app/views/bioproj_members/_show.html.erb@ to specify the list of role_id for roles having @:manage_members@ and @:bioproj_members@ permissions

h1. History

0.0.2 : 2012-01-20
New: Redmine 1.3.0 or higher is required

0.0.1: Initial release